Fix copying of the state, now copying return the same state, not copy (#928)
aiogram/aiogram: CHANGES/927.bugfix.rst

> Fixed the ability to copy the state, now copying the state will return the same state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the ability to compare the state, now comparison to copy of the state will return `True`.
```

> Fixed the ability to copy the state, now copying the state will return the same state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the ability to compare the state, now comparison to copy of the state will return `True`.
```
